<!-- loiob6c42b53518b46de8b4dffd8c4c52ed7 -->

# Logging OpenID Connect \(OIDC\) Tokens

Tenant administrator can view the JWT payload of the OpenID Connect \(OIDC\) tokens issued or received by Identity Authentication.



<a name="loiob6c42b53518b46de8b4dffd8c4c52ed7__prereq_ybj_bgn_hwb"/>

## Prerequisites

You have the Identity Authentication troubleshooting logs with severity `INFO`. For more information, see [View Troubleshooting Logs](view-troubleshooting-logs-6e7543f.md) or [Download Troubleshooting Logs](download-troubleshooting-logs-2732321.md).



## Context

Identity Authentication can issue OpenID Connect \(OIDC\) tokens to the applications, and receive tokens. The received tokens can be either tokens from the corporate identity provider, or from Identity Authentication itself. When Identity Authentication issues or receives tokens, it logs the payload of that token.

**Message Information**


<table>
<tr>
<th valign="top">

Key

</th>
<th valign="top">

Value

</th>
<th valign="top">

Additional Info

</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`state`

</td>
<td valign="top">

successful

</td>
<td valign="top">

The token is issued or received.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`action`

</td>
<td valign="top">

issueJwtToken | receiveJwtToken

</td>
<td valign="top">

For issued or received tokens.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`objectType`

</td>
<td valign="top">

openIdClient

</td>
<td valign="top">

 

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`objectId`

</td>
<td valign="top">

<the `client ID` of the application\>

</td>
<td valign="top">

Unique attribute of the objectType – either id, or name, etc.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`category`

</td>
<td valign="top">

audit.authentication

</td>
<td valign="top">

 

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`jwtPayload`

</td>
<td valign="top">

<JWT claims\>

</td>
<td valign="top">

A JSON string, which contains the token claims of issued or received OpenID Connect \(OIDC\) tokens.

> ### Note:  
> Claims that aren't relevant for troubleshooting are removed from the log for the sake of brevity: `iat`, `exp` and `jti`.



</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`workflow`

</td>
<td valign="top">

openIdConnect

</td>
<td valign="top">

 

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`userIdentifier`

</td>
<td valign="top">

<the user identifier\>

</td>
<td valign="top">

-   The local user ID \(P number generated by Identity Authentication\).

-   For proxy scenarios:

    -   the local user ID \(if *Use Identity Authentication user store* option is enabled and the user is found locally\)
    -   the user identifier received from the corporate identity provider \(if *Use Identity Authentication user store* is disabled or the user isn't found locally\)




</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`grant_type`

</td>
<td valign="top">

<the respective grant type\>

</td>
<td valign="top">

 

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

`serviceProvider`

</td>
<td valign="top">

<the name of the application\>

</td>
<td valign="top">

 

</td>
</tr>
</table>

> ### Example:  
> Message
> 
> `state=successful, action=issueJwtToken, objectType=openIdClient, objectId="e8b77d3e-e6ba-4fb6-a577-e92d9ecab567", category=audit.authentication, jwtPayload="{"sub":"P123456","aud":["<the audience claim>"],"scim_id":"b12a0234-b1b0-41f8-9a2b-dc7395aaaa77","user_uuid":" b12a0234-b1b0-41f8-9a2b-dc7395aaaa77","user_name":"P123456","azp":"e2b34d3e-e6ab-4fb6-s37-e92d9ecab567","last_name":"Moore","first_name":"Dona","email":"dona.moore@example.com","sid":"S-SP-fbf690ce-ce77-464f-b4b3-06adf3312c86"}", workflow=openIdConnect, userIdentifier=P123456, grant_type=authorization_code, serviceProvider=myapplication`

