<!-- loioab8a3237cd424a0c97b921100d263b8a -->

# Activate TOTP Two-Factor Authentication

To log on to applications that require time-based one-time password \(TOTP\) as two-factor authentication, first you have to activate a mobile device that will generate TOTP passcodes.



## Prerequisites

-   You have installed a QR code scanner and an authenticator application on your mobile device.

    > ### Note:  
    > You can use third-party authenticators such as Google Authenticator or Microsoft Authenticator. For more information about how to install and configure the authenticators see their documentation.




## Context

Some applications require two-factor authentication as an additional security to the common static passwords. They will ask you to provide your password and a passcode, generated by a mobile device.

> ### Note:  
> Passcodes are only necessary for applications that require two-factor authentication. You do not need to activate a device for applications that only require passwords for authentication.

You activate a mobile device that generates passcodes.



<a name="loioab8a3237cd424a0c97b921100d263b8a__steps_v3f_qmk_d3b"/>

## Procedure

1.  Access your profile page.

    > ### Note:  
    > You have received the link to your profile page in an email with information how to activate your account for user profile. If you can't find this email, and you don't know how to access your profile page, please contact your system administrator for assistance.

2.  Under the *Multi-Factor Authentication* section, choose *Activate* for *TOTP Two-Factor Authentication*.

3.  Open the authenticator application.

4.  Provide your security key and follow the onscreen instructions on the profile page.

    > ### Note:  
    > Skip this step if you activate two-factor authentication for the first time.

5.  Do one of the following on your mobile device:

    -   Scan the QR code from the profile page screen.
    -   Enter the secret key from the profile page screen manually.

6.  Complete the setup on your mobile device.

7.  Enter the passcode generated by the authenticator application in the space provided on the screen on your profile page.

8.  Press *Activate*.




<a name="loioab8a3237cd424a0c97b921100d263b8a__result_wxb_5mk_d3b"/>

## Results

Now, you can log on to applications that require passcode as an additional security for authentication.

> ### Note:  
> Optionally, you can activate TOTP two-factor authentication when you log on to an application that requires passcode as a second factor. Access the protected page of the application and follow the onscreen instructions.

**Related Information**  


[Always Authenticate with Second Factor](always-authenticate-with-second-factor-4063b26.md "This document provides information about how to enhance the security of your account by always providing second factor in addition to your primary credentials.")

[Add a Device for Web Two-Factor Authentication](add-a-device-for-web-two-factor-authentication-f7eb115.md "To log on to applications that require web two-factor authentication (FIDO2 standard), first you have to activate an authenticator device.")

[Deactivate TOTP Two-Factor Authentication](deactivate-totp-two-factor-authentication-d26427a.md "This document shows you how to deactivate the TOTP two-factor authentication that you use to access applications requiring passcodes for stronger authentication.")

[Remove Web Two-Factor Authentication](remove-web-two-factor-authentication-3f70669.md "This document shows you how to remove the web two-factor authentication (FIDO2 standard) that you use to access applications requiring it for stronger authentication.")

