<!-- loiobc7c6c618911467eac12036b980772d1 -->

# Use the Remember Me Option

With the *Remember me* functionality enabled, you can log on to an application without the need to provide your credentials every time you access it.



## Context

If you enable the *Remember me* functionality, the application saves a cookie in the browser on your local computer. It automatically logs you on next time you access the application from the same browser on your local computer. Once enabled, the *Remember me* functionality is valid for 3 months unless you log out from the application.

> ### Note:  
> If the application requires two-factor authentication, you must provide a valid one-time password \(passcode\) generated by a mobile device every time you access the application. For more details about how to use two-factor authentication on your mobile device, see **Related Information**.



<a name="loiobc7c6c618911467eac12036b980772d1__steps_pg5_hvx_gt"/>

## Procedure

1.  Access the application that you want to log on to with *Remember me*.

2.  Provide your credentials and select the *Remember me* checkbox.

3.  **Optional:** Provide a passcode if required.




## Results

Next time you access the application, you will be logged on automatically. If the application requires two-factor authentication, you need to provide a valid passcode, generated by a mobile device.

> ### Note:  
> If you want to disable *Remember me* for an application log out from the application, and do not select the checkbox next time you log on.

> ### Remember:  
> If you are authenticating with credentials from an external system \(authentication provider or corporate user store\), the following limitations are observed:
> 
> -   \(in the case of corporate user store\) when you are authenticating with remember me cookie, your cloud user record in Identity Authentication is not updated.
> -   \(in the case of authentication provider or corporate user store\) if you change your password in the external system, the remember me cookie is not invalidated.
> 
> For more information about the type of your system, contact your system administrator.

> ### Remember:  
> If you are authenticating with credentials from an external authentication provider, if you change your password in the external provider, the remember me cookie is not invalidated.
> 
> For more information about the type of your provider, contact your system administrator.

**Related Information**  


[Multi-Factor Authentication](multi-factor-authentication-0d41cd4.md "This document provides information about the second factor for authentication or how to sign in if you are asked to provide a second factor to your primary credentials.")

