<!-- loioab5e90ebb2914be9aa145494df048a32 -->

# Integrating the Service with SAP Task Center



<a name="loioab5e90ebb2914be9aa145494df048a32__section_unp_r3n_wqb"/>

## Overview

For the integration scenario of SAP Task Center, you must use the Global User ID of SAP Cloud Identity Services - Identity Authentication as the federation identifier.

The Global User ID specifies an identifier for a user that is unique across technology layers such as user interface, APIs, and security tokens, as well as across products and lines of businesses contributing to a business process in the Intelligent Enterprise.

This attribute is automatically generated by Identity Authentication at user creation, and it can be changed by the admin after that. It can be provisioned to various SAP cloud solutions by Identity Provisioning.

The Global User ID addresses the challenge of integrating user-related data across system boundaries. SAP Task Center is an example of a service which requires the use of the Global User ID as a common user identifier. SAP Task Center provides a single entry point for business users to access their tasks. This scenario needs an enterprise-wide mapping of users to relate tasks to each other in different systems.

> ### Note:  
> Use the Global User ID as a common user identifier for SAP if you expect to use applications which require one identifier in all solutions like SAP Task Center. For more information, see [System Integration Guide for SAP Cloud Identity Services and SAP Task Center](https://help.sap.com/viewer/b95c3d5bab324a3a8409eee5267a5b75/Cloud/en-US/27947dfb325047018603446439050a6b.html).



<a name="loioab5e90ebb2914be9aa145494df048a32__section_rfm_53n_wqb"/>

## Usage



### Identity Authentication

For every newly created user \(self-registered, imported, or manually created - via the administraton console or API\), Identity Authentication generates a Global User ID. It is unique and can be changed later by the tenant administrator.

The system generated attribute value is 36 characters long \(32 hexadecimal characters and 4 hyphens\).

> ### Example:  
> f81d4fae-7dec-11d0-a765-00a0c91e6bf6

This attribute can be sent from Identity Authentication to applications as user attribute, `Subject Name Identifier`, and default attribute in the SAML assertion. The Global User ID is also put in the `id_token` if the application uses OpenID connect.



### Identity Provisioning

Identity Provisioning supports provisioning users with Global User ID for the following SAP cloud solutions:

-   SAP Ariba

-   SAP Fieldglass

-   SAP SuccessFactors

-   SAP S/4HANA Cloud

-   SAP S/4HANA through SAP Application Server ABAP

-   SAP Marketing Cloud

-   SAP Integrated Business Planning for Supply Chain

-   SAP BTP ABAP Environment


> ### Note:  
> In the context of SAP Task Center, those solutions are known as SAP task providers. For more information about the availability of the SAP task provider solutions integrated with SAP Task Center, refer to SAP Note: [2977611](https://me.sap.com/notes/2977611).

The Global User ID is provisioned by the Identity Provisioning using the SCIM attribute `userUuid` as part of the `urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User` namespace.



### SAP Identity Management

SAP Identity Management \(on-premise solution\) supports reading users with Global User ID from Identity Authentication using the Identity Management *SCI* connector. SCI stands for SAP Cloud Identity, the former name of Identity Authentication. It is not possible to use the Identity Management SCIM connector in a hybrid scenario with Identity Provisioning for that purpose.

Once loaded in SAP Identity Management, users with Global User ID can be provisioned to SAP S/4HANA on-premise systems only. In this case, the Identity Management *ABAP* or *BusinessSuite* connector are used.

When SAP Identity Management provisions a new user to Identity Authentication, the Global User ID is generated by the service and returned back as a response. It is stored in the Identity Management MX\_USER\_UUID attribute.

For more information on how to provision the Global User ID from your SAP Identity Management system to your SAP S/4HANA on-premise system, refer to SAP Note [3047993](https://me.sap.com/notes/3047993).

**Related Information**  


[Integrating the Service with SAP Business Technology Platform, Neo Environment](integrating-the-service-with-sap-business-technology-platform-neo-environment-fe84459.md#loiofe84459e688c43698591d3b9e1aac828 "SAP BTP acts as a service provider, and Identity Authentication acts as an identity provider in this setup.")

[Integrating the Service with the Identity Service of SAP BTP](integrating-the-service-with-the-identity-service-of-sap-btp-d5cd80c.md "The Identity service of SAP BTP enables you to delegate authentication to the Identity Authentication service. The Identity service automates the creation of OpenID Connect (OIDC) applications for the Identity Authentication service for each application the Identity service registers.")

[Integrating the Service with SAP Web IDE Full-Stack](integrating-the-service-with-sap-web-ide-full-stack-313f545.md#loio313f5456f3ab41ca925d555cda748f39 "You can use Identity Authentication as identity provider for SAP Web IDE Full-Stack.")

[Integrating the Service with SAP Document Center](integrating-the-service-with-sap-document-center-397683c.md#loio397683cff69d44c5bb2b38c76714c6ca "You can use Identity Authentication as identity provider for SAP Document Center.")

[Integrating the Service with SAP Identity Management 8.0](integrating-the-service-with-sap-identity-management-8-0-f44f931.md "")

[Integrating the Service with SAP S/4HANA Cloud, SAP Integrated Business Planning and SAP Analytics Cloud](integrating-the-service-with-sap-s-4hana-cloud-sap-integrated-business-planning-and-sap-a-dd61aea.md "This integration document aims to provide information about single sign-on (SSO) options for SAP S/4HANA Cloud or SAP Integrated Business Planning and SAP Analytics Cloud, that use Identity Authentication as an authenticating or proxy identity provider.")

[Integrating the Service with Microsoft Entra ID](integrating-the-service-with-microsoft-entra-id-626b173.md "")

[Blogs](blogs-a89ca3e.md "Links to blogs and documents about integration scenarios with Identity Authentication.")

[System Integration Guide for SAP Cloud Identity Services and SAP Task Center](https://help.sap.com/viewer/b95c3d5bab324a3a8409eee5267a5b75/Cloud/en-US/27947dfb325047018603446439050a6b.html)

[SAP Business Accelerator Hub](https://cloudintegration.int.sap.eu2.hana.ondemand.com/package/SCPIdentityServices/rest)

[Global User ID](https://help.sap.com/viewer/b4c9306d80a3471aa0ae48511e725b43/8.0/en-US/dffae27f5d744a12a216d2b6e09fc55d.html)

