<!-- loioc5c813820a4946739eddfebb517db71f -->

# SAP S/4HANA On-Premise

Follow this procedure to set up SAP S/4HANA on-premise \(also valid for SAP S/4HANA Cloud, private edition\) as a proxy system.



<a name="loioc5c813820a4946739eddfebb517db71f__prereq_tcl_4r3_kfb"/>

## Prerequisites

> ### Note:  
> If you have purchased the Identity Provisioning service between **September 1, 2020** and **October 20, 2020**, and you want to make a connection to this on-premise system, follow the procedure in: [Connect to On-Premise Systems in SAP Cloud Identity Infrastructure](https://help.sap.com/docs/identity-authentication/identity-authentication/connect-to-on-premise-systems-in-sap-cloud-identity-infrastructure?version=Cloud).

-   You have installed the Cloud Connector in your corporate environment and have done the initial configuration. For more information, see: [Cloud Connector \(Neo\)](https://help.sap.com/viewer/b865ed651e414196b39f8922db2122c7/Cloud/en-US/d751d065774e45e1b6bdbfdfd541da13.html)
-   You have technical credentials \(user and password\) for an external back-end system with read and write permissions.
-   You have technical credentials \(user and password\) for SAP S/4HANA on-premise.
-   The SAP S/4HANA on-premise system is version **1809** or higher.
-   You have configured your SOA Manager to directly call the following Web services:

    -   **ManageBusinessUserIn**
    -   **QueryBusinessUserIn**

    For more information, see: [Setting Up SOA Manager](https://help.sap.com/docs/ABAP_PLATFORM/684cffda9cbc4187ad7dad790b03b983/e9c0c9faead44086b1d9a88da63bdaae.html?version=latest).


> ### Note:  
> Administrators of bundle tenants on Neo environment should enable the *Manage OAuth Clients* permission, as described in *Neo Environment* section in [Manage Authorizations](https://help.sap.com/viewer/f48e822d6d484fa5ade7dda78b64d9f5/Cloud/en-US/544de9b504214372b4479dc1f6b08cca.html "Manage the authorizations of Identity Provisioning administrators, when your bundle or standalone tenant is running on SAP BTP, Neo environment.") :arrow_upper_right:.



<a name="loioc5c813820a4946739eddfebb517db71f__context_tjq_xs3_kfb"/>

## Context

You can use SAP S/4HANA on-premise as a proxy connector to execute *hybrid* scenarios. That means, it can provision its entities to another \(external\) back-end system by request, and then can continue executing CRUD operations back to as a proxy connector to execute SAP S/4HANA on-premise, whenever the external back-end requests such. This scenario supports:

-   Reading of **users**
-   Writing of **users**

SAP S/4HANA on-premise supports provisioning of users with *User UUID* attribute which is generated by Identity Authentication at user creation. The attribute mapping is handled by the default transformation of AS ABAP. Therefore, to provision a user with *User UUID* to or from S/4HANA on-premise, the user should first be provisioned to AS ABAP and then linked to its corresponding business user in S/4HANA on-premise. For more information, see: [SAP Application Server ABAP](sap-application-server-abap-a78881b.md).

According to your use case, you can decide whether to use SAP S/4HANA on-premise with HR \(human resources\) integration active or not.

-   System with HR integration – When the HR integration is active, business users in SAP S/4HANA on-premise are created and managed by the HR system. The Identity Provisioning service can manage only the user-related login information, such as date/time preferences, or role assignments.

    This means that once the business users are created in SAP S/4HANA on-premise, you need to provision the users to AS ABAP so that they are linked to the business users \(employee, collaboration user, contingent worker, resource \) via the *User\_Assignment* attribute.

-   System without HR integration – lean business users will be created after the provisioning job, and the AS ABAP users will be linked to them. The Identity Provisioning service manages the complete set of **business partners** and their relevant **business users**.

To enable HR integration, you need to specify the relevant property in the system configuration. See **step 7** from the procedure below.

> ### Note:  
> The Identity Provisioning implementation of the Proxy System SCIM API \(based on the [SCIM Query](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7644#section-3.4.2)\) supports single entity and delta read filtering for users and groups. For more information, see [Query Parameters for Proxy System SCIM API](https://help.sap.com/docs/identity-provisioning/identity-provisioning/proxy-systems?version=Cloud#query-parameters-for-proxy-scim-api).



<a name="loioc5c813820a4946739eddfebb517db71f__steps_ujq_xs3_kfb"/>

## Procedure

1.  Open the Cloud Connector to add an access control system mapping for **SAP S/4HANA On-Premise**. This is needed to allow the Identity Provisioning service to access SAP S/4HANA On-Premise as a back-end system on the intranet. To learn how, see: [Configure Access Control \(HTTP\)](https://help.sap.com/viewer/b865ed651e414196b39f8922db2122c7/Cloud/en-US/e7d4927dbb571014af7ef6ebd6cc3511.html)

2.  Open your subaccount in SAP BTP cockpit \(valid for OAuth authentication to the Identity Provisioning proxy system\).

    > ### Note:  
    > If you have a bundle tenant, then in the cockpit → *Neo* → *Overview*, you can see the Global account, which SAP provides for your bundle in the corresponding Identity Provisioning region. Then, in the global account, you can see your subaccount, where the Identity Provisioning is enabled as a service for the bundle. The display name of the subaccount starts with **SAP\_BUNDLE**.

3.  Sign in to the administration console of SAP Cloud Identity Services and navigate to *Users & Authorizations* \> *Administrators*.

4.  Create a technical user with the necessary authorizations. It will later be used by the external consumer to connect to Identity Provisioning.

    -   For **Certificate-based authentication**, follow the procedure in [Manage Certificates for Inbound Connection](Operation-Guide/manage-certificates-for-inbound-connection-952e7c7.md) → *SAP BTP, Neo Environment*

    -   For **OAuth authentication**, proceed as follows:

        1.  Go to *Security* \> *OAuth* \> *Clients* and choose *Register New Client*.

        2.  From the *Subscription* combo box, select **<provider\_subaccount\>/ipsproxy**.

        3.  From the *Authorization Grant* combo box, select **Client Credentials**.

        4.  In the *Secret* field, enter a password \(client secret\) and remember it. You will need it later, for the repository configuration in the external system.

        5.  Copy/paste and save \(in a notepad\) the generated *Client ID*. You will need it later, too.

        6.  From the left-side navigation, choose *Subscriptions* \> *Java Applications* \> *ipsproxy* .

        7.  From the left-side navigation, choose *Roles* \> *IPS\_PROXY\_USER*.

        8.  Choose *Assign* and enter **oauth\_client\_<client\_ID\>**.

            For *<client\_ID\>*, enter the one you have saved in the previous main step.


    -   For **Certificate-based authentication**, upload the certificate for the technical user of type *System*, as described in [Add System as Administrator](https://help.sap.com/docs/identity-authentication/identity-authentication/add-administrators?version=Cloud#add-system-as-administrator) and enable the *Access Proxy System API* permission.

    -   For **Basic authentication**, proceed as follows:

        1.  Add an administrator user of type **System** and configure the basic authentication method for this user.

            If you already have a technical user, skip this step.

        2.  Save your changes.

        3.  Select your administrator user of type **System** and enable the *Access Proxy System API* permission.

        4.  Save your changes.



5.  Access the Identity Provisioning UI.

    -   [Access Identity Provisioning UI of Bundle Tenants](https://help.sap.com/viewer/f48e822d6d484fa5ade7dda78b64d9f5/Cloud/en-US/7ab5884ffbc44461a57622d2f633e57c.html "Access the Identity Provisioning UI when the service is bundled as part of an SAP cloud solution's license.") :arrow_upper_right:
    -   [Access Identity Provisioning UI of Standalone Tenants](https://help.sap.com/viewer/f48e822d6d484fa5ade7dda78b64d9f5/Cloud/en-US/61fd82ed48ab42b2bc74626926c1722c.html "Access the Identity Provisioning user interface as a standalone product.") :arrow_upper_right:

6.  Add *SAP S/4HANA On-Premise* as a proxy system. For more information, see [Add New Systems](Operation-Guide/add-new-systems-bd214dc.md).

7.  Choose the *Properties* tab to configure the connection settings for your system.

    > ### Note:  
    > If your Identity Provisioning tenant is running on SAP BTP, Neo environment, you can create a [connectivity destination](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/72696d6d06c0490394ac3069da600278.html) in your subaccount in the SAP BTP cockpit, and then select it from the *Destination Name* combo box in your Identity Provisioning User Interface.
    > 
    > If one and the same property exists both in the cockpit and in the *Properties* tab, the value set in the *Properties* tab is considered with higher priority.
    > 
    > We recommend that you use the *Properties* tab. Use a connectivity destination only if you need to reuse one and the same configuration for multiple provisioning systems.

    **Mandatory Properties**


    <table>
    <tr>
    <th valign="top">

    Property Name
    
    </th>
    <th valign="top">

    Description & Value
    
    </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Type`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter: *HTTP*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `URL`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Specify the URL to your SAP S/4HANA On-Premise system.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `ProxyType`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter: *OnPremise*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Authentication`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter: *BasicAuthentication*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `User`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter the technical user for SAP S/4HANA On-Premise.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Password`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Credential\) Enter the password for the SAP S/4HANA On-Premise technical user.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `s4hana.onprem.skip.read.archived`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    In the event of archived \(disabled\) entities in a source SAP S/4HANA On-Premise system, choose whether the provisioning jobs to continue reading such entities or to skip them.

    This property is enabled by default. If you want to always read disabled entities, set the property to **false**, or delete it.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    This property is disabled by default. Possible values:

    -   **true** – HR integration is enabled for your system
    -   **false** \(default value\) – HR integration is disabled for your system


    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.dependent.role.codes`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    A default property. Relevant only for systems with activated HR integration, that is if `s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active` = *true*.

    As a comma-separated value, add the codes of the roles maintained by the HR integration. Make sure these role codes are part of your *read* and *write* transformations.

    By default, the following codes are added to your system: **BUP003, BBP005, BUP012, WFM001**. That means, your HR integration will support *employees*, *contingent worker*, *collaboration user*, and *resource*.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `s4hana.onprem.user.unique.attribute`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    If Identity Provisioning tries to provision a user that already exists in the SAP S/4HANA On-Premise target system \(a conflicting user\), this property defines the unique attributes by which the existing user will be searched and resolved.

    According to your use case, choose how to set up this property:

    -   Default behavior: This property does not appear in the UI during system creation. Its default value is *personExternalID*. That means, if the service finds an existing user by a *personExternalID*, it updates this user with the data of the conflicting one.

        If a user with such а *personExternalID* is not found, the creation of the conflicting user fails.

    -   Value = *emails\[0\].value*. If the service finds an existing user matching both unique attributes *email* and *personExternalID*, it updates this user with the data of the conflicting one. If the service finds an existing user matching only the *email*, the update of the existing user fails.

        If a user with such *email* is not found, that means the conflict is due to another reason, so the creation of the conflicting user fails.


    Possible values:

    -   *personExternalID*
    -   *emails\[0\].value*

    Default value: *personExternalID*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `ips.date.variable.format`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    *yyyy-MM-dd*

    \(needed for the read transformation\)
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `s4hana.onprem.sap-client`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Use this property if you want to specify a particular AS ABAP client to use as the **sap-client** URL parameter.

    If this property is not specified, the URL will open your default AS ABAP client. To learn more, see: [Specifying the Client](https://help.sap.com/saphelp_ewm900/helpdata/en/48/cae5cc356c3254e10000000a42189b/frameset.htm)

    For more information about **sap-client**, see: [SAP URL Parameters](https://help.sap.com/saphelp_ewm900/helpdata/en/8b/46468c433b40c3b87b2e07f34dea1b/frameset.htm)
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\)`CloudConnectorLocationId`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Relevant when the `ProxyType` property is set to *OnPremise*. Use it in case your SAP Business Technology Platform account uses more than one Cloud Connector or when the Cloud Connector uses `LocationID`.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    
    To learn what additional properties are relevant to this system, see [List of Properties](list-of-properties-d6f3577.md). You can use the main search, or filter properties by the *Name* or *System Type* columns.

    Exemplary destination:


    <table>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Type`=*HTTP*

    `Authentication`=*BasicAuthentication*

    `ProxyType`=*OnPremise*

    `URL`=*http://aaa777.myhost:1234*

    `User`=*MYS4HANAUSER*

    `Password`=\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

    `ips.date.variable.format`=*yyyy-MM-dd*

    `s4hana.onprem.skip.read.archived`=*true*

    `s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active`=*true*

    `s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.dependent.role.codes` = *BUP003,BBP010,BBP005*

    `s4hana.onprem.sap-client`=*101*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    
8.  \(Optional\) Configure the transformations.

    Transformations are used to map the user attributes from the data model of the source system to the data model of the target system, and the other way around. The Identity Provisioning offers a default transformation for the *SAP S/4HANA On-Premise* proxy system, whose settings are displayed under the *Transformations* tab after saving its initial configuration.

    You can change the default transformation mapping rules to reflect your current setup of entities in your SAP S/4HANA On-Premise. For more information, see:

    [Manage Transformations](Operation-Guide/manage-transformations-2d0fbe5.md)

    [APIs for Business User Management](https://help.sap.com/docs/ABAP_PLATFORM_NEW/de55b3fdb209469397b4e1221c60b3e6/65336618f50649ab944cd938ee5772be.html?version=Latest)

    Default read and write transformations:

    > ### Tip:  
    > The proxy *Read Transformation* is used when the external client application \(for example, SAP Identity Management\) makes initial load. That is, executing GET requests to the resource endpoints \(**/Users** or **/Groups**\) to retrieve the corresponding entities of the particular type. The external client application can also execute GET requests to a single resource endpoint \(querying a single resource is supported\). In this case, the proxy system acts as a *source* one.
    > 
    > The proxy *Write Transformation* is used when the external application manages the entities in the proxy system – creates new entities, updates existing ones, or deletes existing ones. In this case, the proxy system acts as a *target* one.
    > 
    > However, after a *Create* or *Update* operation is performed on the proxy system, the *Read Transformation* is applied to the result, so that the created or updated entity is sent back to the external application. This behavior demonstrates that the proxy *Read Transformation* is used for *write* cases, as well.


    <table>
    <tr>
    <th valign="top">

    Read Transformation
    
    </th>
    <th valign="top">

    Write Transformation
    
    </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    > ### Code Syntax:  
    > ```
    > 
    > {
    >   "user": {
    >     "scimEntityEndpoint": "Users",
    >     "mappings": [
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personID",
    >         "targetVariable": "entityIdSourceSystem",
    >         "targetPath": "$.id"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourceVariable": "entityBaseLocation",
    >         "targetVariable": "entityLocationSourceSystem",
    >         "targetPath": "$.meta.location",
    >         "functions": [
    >           {
    >             "type": "concatString",
    >             "suffix": "${entityIdSourceSystem}"
    >           }
    >         ]
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personalInformation.firstName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.givenName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personalInformation.lastName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.familyName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personalInformation.middleName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.middleName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personalInformation.personFullName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.formatted",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personalInformation.nickName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.nickName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.userAssignment.userID",
    >         "targetPath": "$.userName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.active"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.workplaceInformation.emailAddress",
    >         "targetPath": "$.emails[0].value",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.PersonExternalID",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "type": "valueMapping",
    >         "sourcePaths": [
    >           "$.businessPartnerRoleCode"
    >         ],
    >         "targetPath": "$.userType",
    >         "defaultValue": "Employee",
    >         "valueMappings": [
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "BUP003"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "Employee"
    >           },
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "BBP005"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "Contingent Worker"
    >           },
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "BUP012"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "Collaboration User"
    >           },
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "WFM001"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "Resource"
    >           }
    >         ]
    >       }
    >     ]
    >   }
    > }
    > ```


    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    > ### Code Syntax:  
    > ```
    > 
    > {
    >   "user": {
    >     "scimEntityEndpoint": "Users",
    >     "mappings": [
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.userName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personExternalID"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['employeeNumber']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.personExternalID"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "targetPath": "$.personID",
    >         "sourceVariable": "entityIdTargetSystem"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "type": "valueMapping",
    >         "sourcePaths": [
    >           "$.userType"
    >         ],
    >         "targetPath": "$.businessPartnerRoleCode",
    >         "defaultValue": "BUP003",
    >         "valueMappings": [
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "Employee"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "BUP003"
    >           },
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "Contingent Worker"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "BBP005"
    >           },
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "Collaboration User"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "BUP012"
    >           },
    >           {
    >             "key": [
    >               "Resource"
    >             ],
    >             "mappedValue": "WFM001"
    >           }
    >         ]
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "scope": "createEntity",
    >         "targetPath": "$.validityPeriod.startDate",
    >         "sourceVariable": "currentDate"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "scope": "createEntity",
    >         "targetPath": "$.validityPeriod.endDate",
    >         "constant": "9999-12-31"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.givenName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personalInformation.firstName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "condition": "%s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active% != null && %s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active% == true",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.familyName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personalInformation.lastName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "condition": "%s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active% == null || %s4hana.onprem.hr.switch.active% == false",
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.familyName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personalInformation.lastName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.middleName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personalInformation.middleName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.formatted",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personalInformation.personFullName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.nickName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.personalInformation.nickName",
    >         "optional": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.userName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.userAssignment.userID",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "functions": [
    >           {
    >             "function": "toUpperCaseString"
    >           }
    >         ]
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.emails[0].value",
    >         "targetPath": "$.workplaceInformation.emailAddress",
    >         "optional": true
    >       }
    >     ]
    >   }
    > }
    > ```


    
    </td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    
9.  \(Optional\) If the external consumer system is **SAP Identity Management** \(IDM\), you can export the newly created proxy system as a *.csv* file. This will reduce the effort of manually entering all the properties again when an IDM administrator import the proxy configuration as a repository.

    To export the proxy system from the UI, choose *Export* \> *CSV format*.

    > ### Tip:  
    > When you import the *.csv* file as a SCIM repository in IDM, all the property fields will be automatically filled-in. However:
    > 
    > -   You have to manually enter your client ID and secret \(AUTH\_USER and AUTH\_PASSWORD\).
    > -   As currently the scenario does not support groups, you cannot make group assignments for users. Thus, for the SCIM\_ASSIGNMENT\_METHOD constant, remove the value \(leave the field empty\).

    > ### Note:  
    > If you have purchased the Identity Provisioning service after **September 1, 2020**, for AUTH\_USER and AUTH\_PASSWORD, enter the technical user and password for which you have granted access to the Identity Provisioning Proxy API.




<a name="loioc5c813820a4946739eddfebb517db71f__postreq_cf4_lgj_kfb"/>

## Next Steps

When a proxy system is connected to an external backend system \(in the case of SAP Identity Management this means the exported CSV file is imported into the Identity Management Admin UI and a repository is configured\), you can start managing the users and groups into this external system. Usually, the first operation is the initial load of the existing entities into your external system. When this load has finished, changes in the external system, such as creating new users or updating existing ones, can trigger CRUD requests back to the proxy system.

To see an example with SAP Identity Management, see [Hybrid Scenario: SAP Identity Management](https://help.sap.com/docs/identity-provisioning/identity-provisioning/hybrid-scenario-sap-identity-management?version=Cloud) → sections **Next Steps** and **Future Identity Lifecycle**.

> ### Caution:  
> Effective **September 2020**, Shanghai \(China\) tenants that reside on SAP BTP, Neo environment can be only accessed on the following domain: `dispatcher.cn1.platform.sapcloud.cn`
> 
> So make sure you use the correct domain when you construct your REST API requests.
> 
> For example: **GET** *https://ipsproxyabcd12345-xyz789.dispatcher.cn1.platform.sapcloud.cn/ipsproxy/api/v1/scim/bbb111aa-1234-aaaa-7777-1234567abcde/Users/s123456789*
> 
> To learn more, see: [Proxy Systems](proxy-systems-b10d68a.md)

**Related Information**  


[SAP S/4HANA On-Premise](https://help.sap.com/viewer/product/SAP_S4HANA_ON-PREMISE/latest/en-US)

[APIs for Business User Management](https://help.sap.com/docs/ABAP_PLATFORM_NEW/de55b3fdb209469397b4e1221c60b3e6/65336618f50649ab944cd938ee5772be.html?version=Latest)

[Maintain Collaboration Users](https://help.sap.com/viewer/9a281eac983f4f688d0deedc96b3c61c/latest/en-US/1d23f08ad2eb4b319d92c63edaa42b03.html)

