<!-- loiof29b5c6d7edd4f358548233c875ddefd -->

# SAP SuccessFactors

Follow this procedure to set up SAP SuccessFactors as a source system.



## Prerequisites

-   You are using **SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API**

    You have created a technical user with permissions to **call** the SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API and to **export** employee data from the SAP SuccessFactors system. For more information, see [Permissions](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/d599f15995d348a1b45ba5603e2aba9b/3d71f690709243db99102127557a3d73.html?version=Latest) and [Setting Up an API User for Sync Jobs in SAP SuccessFactors](https://help.sap.com/viewer/568fdf1f14f14fd089a3cd15194d19cc/latest/en-US/0a6e6705d89e42649e3aa8732f2b0724.html). The following permissions are required:

    -   *Manage User* \> *Employee Export*

    -   *Manage User* \> *User Account OData API Entity*

    -   *Manage Integration Tools* \> *Allow Admin to Access OData API*

    -   *Manage Role-Based Permission Access* \> *Role-Based Permission Admin*


-   You are using **SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API**

    Consumers of the SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API can either create a technical user and assign the necessary permissions, or use the predefined technical user with built-in permissions for communication between SAP SuccessFactors and Identity Provisioning using certificate authentication. For more information, see [Upgrade to X.509 Certificate-Based Authentication for Incoming Calls](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/568fdf1f14f14fd089a3cd15194d19cc/2b8f220f51ce455da3f349ef851d264c.html?version=Latest) and [Permissions](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/534356acc0ab4b0e8977ebfb2eb432f7/895a0d10d4984152b9f6d0cd9f9f850c.html?version=Latest#permissions).




## Context

Companies that manage their employees using SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite can use the Identity Provisioning service to automatically create accounts for these employees and manage their permissions for the cloud applications. When the hiring process of a new employee is completed in the SAP SuccessFactors HCM solution, a user record with the employee identity data is created in the SAP SuccessFactors system. The Identity Provisioning service can use this data for the identity and authorization provisioning processes.

SAP SuccessFactors provides two APIs for its integration with Identity Provisioning: SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API and SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API. The value of `sf.api.version` property controls which API you use.

-   When the value is set to `1`, or the property is not defined - SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API \(in short, OData API\) is used. This is the default value. SAP SuccessFactors source systems created before the introduction of `sf.api.version` property, use OData API.

-   When the value is set to `2` - SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API \(in short, SCIM API\) is used. For more information on how to update to version 2, see [Update Connector Version](Operation-Guide/update-connector-version-8558733.md).


Identity Provisioning supports reading of SAP SuccessFactors users, as well as static and dynamic groups of type Permission.

When users from SAP SuccessFactors source system are provisioned to Identity Authentication target system, newly created and updated users get the *userUUID* attribute generated by Identity Authentication. The Identity Provisioning in its turn sends the *userUUID* back to SAP SuccessFactors to update the users.

To create SAP SuccessFactors as a source system, proceed as follows:



## Procedure

1.  Access the Identity Provisioning UI.

    -   [Access Identity Provisioning UI of Bundle Tenants](https://help.sap.com/viewer/f48e822d6d484fa5ade7dda78b64d9f5/Cloud/en-US/7ab5884ffbc44461a57622d2f633e57c.html "Access the Identity Provisioning UI when the service is bundled as part of an SAP cloud solution's license.") :arrow_upper_right:
    -   [Access Identity Provisioning UI of Standalone Tenants](https://help.sap.com/viewer/f48e822d6d484fa5ade7dda78b64d9f5/Cloud/en-US/61fd82ed48ab42b2bc74626926c1722c.html "Access the Identity Provisioning user interface as a standalone product.") :arrow_upper_right:

2.  Sign in to the administration console of SAP Cloud Identity Services and navigate to *Identity Provisioning* \> *Source Systems*.

3.  Add *SAP SuccessFactors* as a source system. For more information, see [Add New Systems](Operation-Guide/add-new-systems-bd214dc.md).

4.  Set up the communication between Identity Provisioning and SAP SuccessFactors and configure the authentication method \(basic or certificate-based\).

    > ### Note:  
    > We recommend that you use certificate-based authentication.

    1.  In your newly added SAP SuccessFactors source system, select the *Certificate* tab and choose *Generate* \> *Download*, as described in [Generate and Manage Certificates for Outbound Connection](https://help.sap.com/docs/IDENTITY_PROVISIONING/f48e822d6d484fa5ade7dda78b64d9f5/76867db8ce534becbfc08b050695df8e.html?version=Cloud).

        Skip this step if you use basic authentication. The next steps are performed in SAP SuccessFactors Admin Center and are relevant for certificate-based authentication only.

    2.  Login to SAP SuccessFactors and go to *Admin Center*. Follow the procedure described in [Upgrade to X.509 Certificate-Based Authentication for Incoming Calls](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/568fdf1f14f14fd089a3cd15194d19cc/2b8f220f51ce455da3f349ef851d264c.html).

        Make sure you select *Identity Provisioning Service* in the *Integration Name* field.


5.  Choose the *Properties* tab to configure the connection settings for your system.

    > ### Note:  
    > If your Identity Provisioning tenant is running on SAP BTP, Neo environment, you can create a [connectivity destination](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/72696d6d06c0490394ac3069da600278.html) in your subaccount in the SAP BTP cockpit, and then select it from the *Destination Name* combo box in your Identity Provisioning User Interface.
    > 
    > If one and the same property exists both in the cockpit and in the *Properties* tab, the value set in the *Properties* tab is considered with higher priority.
    > 
    > We recommend that you use the *Properties* tab. Use a connectivity destination only if you need to reuse one and the same configuration for multiple provisioning systems.

    **Mandatory Properties**


    <table>
    <tr>
    <th valign="top">

    Property Name
    
    </th>
    <th valign="top">

    Description & Value
    
    </th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Type`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter: *HTTP*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `URL`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Specify the URL to your SAP SuccessFactors API.

    For example:

    -   For version 1: `https://apitest.successfactors.com/odata/v2`

    -   For version 2: `https://apitest.successfactors.com`


    To see the list of all SAP SuccessFactors data centers, see: [SAP SuccessFactors API Reference Guide \(OData V2\): List of SAP SuccessFactors API Servers](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/d599f15995d348a1b45ba5603e2aba9b/af2b8d5437494b12be88fe374eba75b6.html?locale=en-US&version=2411) and [System for Cross-domain Identity Management for Workforce in SuccessFactors](https://api.sap.com/api/PLTScim/resource) 
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `ProxyType`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter: *Internet*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Authentication`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Enter your authentication method:

    -   *BasicAuthentication*

    -   *ClientCertificateAuthentication*



    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.api.version`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Handles the version of the API which is consumed by the SAP SuccessFactors system. sf.user.attributes.expand

    **Possible values:**

    -   *1* - Indicates that SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API \(in short, OData API\) is used.

    -   *2* - Indicates that SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API \(in short, SCIM API\) is used.


    Default value: *1*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `User`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Valid if *BasicAuthentication*

    Enter the *userID* of your SAP SuccessFactors technical user in the following format: is configured as authentication method.**<user\_ID\>@<company\_ID\>**
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Password`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Credential\) Valid if *BasicAuthentication* is configured as authentication method.

    Enter the password for your SAP SuccessFactors technical user.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `sf.company.id`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Valid if *ClientCertificateAuthentication* is is configured as authentication method.

    Enter the Company ID of your SAP SuccessFactors system.

    The Company ID is a short string of characters that identifies each SAP SuccessFactors system. It is like a username for your organization. All users of the same system share the same Company ID.
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `sf.user.attributes`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Default property. It's a string representing a comma-separated list of user attributes that have to be loaded \(read\) from SAP SuccessFactors. You can leave the default property value \(all listed attributes\), leave only some of them, or add some more.

    > ### Note:  
    > If you want to add more attributes, make sure you have added:
    > 
    > -   the relevant extra attributes to the value of this property, separated by commas
    > -   extra mappings for these attributes in the *user* transformation
    > -   extra mappings for these attributes in the write transformation of the relevant target system

    > ### Remember:  
    > -   Always make sure that attribute `lastModifiedDateTime` is in the list of values. If you delete it \(don't specify it\), the provisioning from SAP SuccessFactors will fail.
    > -   If a user in SAP SuccessFactors is missing the `lastModifiedDateTime` attribute, it will break the provisioning. As a solution, you can exclude such users from the provisioning – either by using the `sf.user.filter` property, or by setting a condition in the transformation logic.

    **Connector version**: SAP SuccessFactors version 1
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.user.attributes.expand`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    This property reads additional user data related to *complex \(navigation\) attributes*, which are specified in `sf.user.attributes`.

    Default value: *personKeyNav,personKeyNav/userAccountNav*

    > ### Note:  
    > If you want to add more complex attributes, enter the correct "paths" to them, specifying all parent attribute levels.
    > 
    > For example, if you want to read information about user's skills and competency, add *positionSkillMappings/skill*. In this case, make sure you have added:
    > 
    > -   **positionSkillMappings** to the value of property `sf.user.attributes`
    > -   a relevant mapping for this attribute in the *user* transformation
    > -   a relevant mapping for this attribute in the write transformation of the relevant target system

    **Connector version**: SAP SuccessFactors version 1
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.user.filter`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    The possible values of this property depend on the API version which your SAP SuccessFactors system consumes.

    Use this property to filter users from SAP SuccessFactors. The filter obtains values as described in the OData 2.0 syntax, except any statements with attribute `lastModifiedDateTime`.

    Find below example syntax for filtering users depending of the API version:

    -   OData API - `username eq 'cbraun'`

    -   SCIM API - `userName eq "cbraun"`


    To learn more, see:

    -   [OData version 2](http://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/uri-conventions/) → **4.5. Filter System Query Option \($filter\)**.
    -   [SAP SuccessFactors API Reference Guide \(OData V2\)](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/d599f15995d348a1b45ba5603e2aba9b/03e1fc3791684367a6a76a614a2916de.html) 
    -   [SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/534356acc0ab4b0e8977ebfb2eb432f7/895a0d10d4984152b9f6d0cd9f9f850c.html) and [System for Cross-domain Identity Management for Workforce in SuccessFactors](https://api.sap.com/api/PLTScim/resource)


    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.user.read.deactivatedafter`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    This property filters SAP SuccessFactors inactive users from a particular date on. It is an optional property which does not appear by default at system creation. It accepts a value in the `yyyy-MM-dd` format. For example: `2023-07-17`

    The `sf.user.read.deactivatedafter` property works together with the `sf.user.filter` property which is added at system creation with the default value: *active eq true*. Using it can further narrow down the filtering results.

    To filter active users along with inactive ones from a particular date on, the following configuration must be in place:

    -   Set the `sf.user.read.deactivatedafter` value to a date in the expected format. For example: *2023-07-17*

    -   `sf.user.filter` = *active eq true*


    As a result, Identity Provisioning reads SAP SuccessFactors active users and the users set to inactive from that date on using the 2023-07-17T00:00:00Z date-time format.

    Depending on the value you define for `sf.user.filter`, expect the following results:

    -   `sf.user.filter` = *active eq false*

        All inactive users will be returned.

    -   `sf.user.filter` = *active eq false and userName sw "Test\_"*

        All inactive users with username starting with Test\_ will be returned.

        > ### Note:  
        > When you filter by `sf.user.filter` = *active eq false* along with the property `sf.user.read.deactivatedafter`, the users that match the two critera will be read twice.

    -   `sf.user.filter` = *active eq true and userName sw "Test\_"*

        Inactive users from the provided date on and all active users with username starting with Test\_ will be returned.


    **Connector version**: SAP SuccessFactors version 2
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.group.filter`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    The possible values of this property depend on the API version which your SAP SuccessFactors system consumes.

    Use this property to filter dynamic groups from SAP SuccessFactors. The filter obtains values as described in the OData 2.0 syntax, except any statements with attribute `lastModifiedDateTime`. To learn more, see:

    -   [OData version 2](http://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/uri-conventions/) → **4.5. Filter System Query Option \($filter\)**
    -   [SAP SuccessFactors API Reference Guide \(OData V2\)](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/d599f15995d348a1b45ba5603e2aba9b/03e1fc3791684367a6a76a614a2916de.html?version=2311) → **DynamicGroup**
    -   [SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/534356acc0ab4b0e8977ebfb2eb432f7/895a0d10d4984152b9f6d0cd9f9f850c.html) and [System for Cross-domain Identity Management for Workforce in SuccessFactors](https://api.sap.com/api/PLTScim/resource)


    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.group.prefix`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    This property distinguishes SAP SuccessFactors groups by specific prefix. It is an optional property which does not appear by default at system creation.

    Example value: `SF_`

    You can use the example value or provide your own.

    When **set in the source system**, the prefix will be prepended to the name of the groups that are read from the SAP SuccessFactors source system and will be provisioned to the target system with the following name pattern: <code>SF_<i class="varname">&lt;GroupDisplayName&gt;</i></code>. This way SAP SuccessFactors groups in the target system will be distinguished from groups provisioned from other applications.

    If the property is not set, the SAP SuccessFactors groups will be read and provisioned to the target system with their actual display names.

    **Connector version**: SAP SuccessFactors version 2
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\) `sf.page.size`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    Defines the paging size.

    -   Default value: **100**

    -   Maximum value: **1000**


    **Connector version**: SAP SuccessFactors version 1
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    \(Optional\)`sf.group.members.paging.enabled`
    
    </td>
    <td valign="top">
    
    This property enables paging of group members.

    The maximum number of group members returned per request is 100. To read more than 100 group members, paging must be enabled.

    **Possible values:**

    -   *true* - Paging is enabled.
    -   *false* - Paging is disabled.

    Default value: *true*

    **Connector version**: SAP SuccessFactors version 2
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    
    To learn what additional properties are relevant to this system, see [List of Properties](list-of-properties-d6f3577.md). You can use the main search, or filter properties by the *Name* or *System Type* columns.

    Exemplary destination \(configuration\):


    <table>
    <tr>
    <td valign="top">
    
    `Type`=*HTTP*

    `Authentication`=*BasicAuthentication*

    `ProxyType`=*Internet*

    `URL`=*https://apitest.successfactors.com/odata/v2*

    `User`=*sfsf\_admin@mycompany.com*

    `Password`=\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*

    `sf.user.attributes`=*userId,username,status,email,lastName,firstName,lastModifiedDateTime,personKeyNav,positionSkillMappings*

    ``=*personKeyNav,personKeyNav/userAccountNav,positionSkillMappings/skill*

    `sf.user.filter`=*department ne 'Manufacturing'*

    `sf.group.filter`=*groupType eq 'permission'*

    `sf.page.size`=*70*
    
    </td>
    </tr>
    </table>
    
6.  \(Optional\) Configure the transformations.

    Transformations are used to map the user attributes from the data model of the source system to the data model of the target system, and the other way around. The Identity Provisioning offers a default transformation for the *SAP SuccessFactors* source system, whose settings are displayed under the *Transformations* tab after saving its initial configuration.

    When the SAP SuccessFactors system is configured as a source, the Identity Provisioning service will read all the attributes of the user records supported by the SAP SuccessFactors API.

    You can change the default transformation mapping rules to reflect your current setup of entities in your SAP SuccessFactors. For more information, see:

    [Manage Transformations](Operation-Guide/manage-transformations-2d0fbe5.md)

    [SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/d599f15995d348a1b45ba5603e2aba9b/03e1fc3791684367a6a76a614a2916de.html?locale=en-US&version=latest)

    [SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/534356acc0ab4b0e8977ebfb2eb432f7/895a0d10d4984152b9f6d0cd9f9f850c.html)

    **Default transformation for SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API version 1:** 

    > ### Code Syntax:  
    > ```
    > 
    > // The value of entityIdSourceSystem is used for storing the unique ID of each user. 
    > // You can change the default source attribute perPersonUuiD, but make sure the new source attribute is also unique. 
    > 
    > {
    >   "user": {
    >     "mappings": [
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personKeyNav.perPersonUuid",
    >         "targetVariable": "entityIdSourceSystem"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": false,
    >         "targetPath": "$.active"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "condition": "$.personKeyNav.userAccountNav.accountStatus =='ACTIVE'",
    >         "constant": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.active"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personKeyNav.userAccountNav.username",
    >         "targetPath": "$.userName",
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.username",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": "employee",
    >         "targetPath": "$.userType"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.firstName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.givenName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.lastName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.familyName"
    >       },
    > 
    > // The email attribute is used as a first value for the emails array of the intermediate JSON data. 
    > 
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.email",
    >         "targetPath": "$.emails[0].value",
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:User",
    >         "targetPath": "$.schemas[0]"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": "urn:sap:cloud:scim:schemas:extension:sfsf:2.0:User",
    >         "targetPath": "$.schemas[1]"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User",
    >         "targetPath": "$.schemas[2]"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personKeyNav.perPersonUuid",
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:sap:cloud:scim:schemas:extension:sfsf:2.0:User']['personGUID']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.userId",
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:sap:cloud:scim:schemas:extension:sfsf:2.0:User']['userSysID']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.personKeyNav.personIdExternal",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['employeeNumber']",
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       }
    >     ]
    >   },
    > 
    > // By default, the group mapping is inactive (ignored) but groups are supported. 
    > // To start provisioning groups, either delete the statement "ignore": true, or set its value to false.
    > 
    >   "group": {
    >     "ignore": true,
    >     "mappings": [
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.groupID",
    >         "targetVariable": "entityIdSourceSystem"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.groupName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.displayName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "constant": "urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:core:2.0:Group",
    >         "targetPath": "$.schemas[0]"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.users[*].personGUID",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.members[?(@.value)]"
    >       }
    >     ]
    >   }
    > }
    > ```

    **Default transformation for SCIM API version 2**:

    > ### Code Syntax:  
    > ```
    > {
    >   "user": {
    >     "mappings": [
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.schemas",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.schemas"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.id",
    >         "targetVariable": "entityIdSourceSystem"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.userName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.userName",
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.userType",
    >         "targetPath": "$.userType"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.familyName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.familyName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.givenName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.givenName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.middleName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.middleName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.honorificPrefix",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.honorificPrefix"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.honorificSuffix",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.honorificSuffix"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.name.formatted",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.name.formatted"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.nickName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.nickName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.preferredLanguage",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.preferredLanguage"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.displayName",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.displayName"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.title",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.title"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.externalId",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.externalId"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.locale",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.locale"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.timezone",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.timezone"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User']['userUuid']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:sap:2.0:User']['userUuid']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['perPersonUuid']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['perPersonUuid']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['loginMethod']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['loginMethod']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['personIdExternal']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['personIdExternal']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['customFields']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:successfactors:2.0:User']['customFields']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['department']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['department']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['division']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['division']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['manager']['value']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['manager']['value']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['manager']['displayName']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['manager']['displayName']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['manager']['$ref']",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$['urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User']['manager']['$ref']"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.phoneNumbers",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.phoneNumbers"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.emails",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.emails"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.emails[?(@.primary == true)].value",
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "correlationAttribute": true
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.active",
    >         "targetPath": "$.active"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.groups",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.groups",
    >         "functions": [
    >           {
    >             "condition": "'%sf.group.prefix%' !== 'null'",
    >             "function": "concatString",
    >             "applyOnElements": true,
    >             "applyOnAttribute": "display",
    >             "prefix": "%sf.group.prefix%"
    >           }
    >         ]
    >       }
    >     ]
    >   },
    >   "group": {
    >     "mappings": [
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.id",
    >         "targetVariable": "entityIdSourceSystem"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.schemas",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.schemas"
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.displayName",
    >         "targetPath": "$.displayName",
    >         "functions": [
    >           {
    >             "condition": "'%sf.group.prefix%' !== 'null'",
    >             "function": "concatString",
    >             "prefix": "%sf.group.prefix%"
    >           }
    >         ]
    >       },
    >       {
    >         "sourcePath": "$.members",
    >         "preserveArrayWithSingleElement": true,
    >         "optional": true,
    >         "targetPath": "$.members"
    >       }
    >     ]
    >   }
    > }
    > ```

    > ### Note:  
    > When SAP SuccessFactors users are provisioned to Identity Authentication, the service generates a user UUID for every newly created user. Within the same provisioning job, Identity Provisioning returns the user UUID back to SAP SuccessFactors and updates the *sapGlobalUserId* attribute.
    > 
    > Identity Provisioning updates *sapGlobalUserId* when its value is `null` or when its value already exists. The latter is valid in cases where, for example, a user is deleted in the Identity Authentication target system and after running a Resync Job, the deleted user is created again. A new user UUID is generated which updates the old value in SAP SuccessFactors.
    > 
    > Returning the user UUID back to SAP SuccessFactors and updating the *sapGlobalUserId* attribute is supported for standard and real-time provisioning scenarios. It is also supported in bulk scenarios, when bulk operations are enabled on the Identity Authentication target system.
    > 
    > In case you encounter error **statusCode 432** during userUUID synchronization, see: [Guided Answers: Error statusCode: 432](https://ga.support.sap.com/dtp/viewer/#/tree/2065/actions/26547:29111:29114:27412:39659:40642)

7.  Now, add a target system to provision users into it. Choose from: [Target Systems](target-systems-ab3f641.md)

    > ### Caution:  
    > The **email** attribute is not unique for *SAP SuccessFactors* but it's unique for systems like *Identity Authentication* or *SAP Analytics Cloud*. That's why, if you provision users to any of these systems, make sure that there are no *SAP SuccessFactors* users with duplicate e-mails. If there are such, then in the target system all affected users will be created as a single user, with merged user data.
    > 
    > To learn more, see *Guided Answers*: [Multiple Users from a Source System Are Created as One in the Target](https://ga.support.sap.com/dtp/viewer/#/tree/2065/actions/26547:29111:29114:27412:34942) 




<a name="loiof29b5c6d7edd4f358548233c875ddefd__postreq_vng_gqj_p1b"/>

## Next Steps

-   Before starting a provisioning job, you can first subscribe for e-mail notifications from the source system you use in your scenario. This way, you will be notified by e-mail about eventual failed entities during the jobs. For more information, see [Manage Job Notifications](Monitoring-and-Reporting/manage-job-notifications-d055bc2.md).
-   Start an identity provisioning job. For more information, see [Monitor Provisioning Job Logs](Monitoring-and-Reporting/monitor-provisioning-job-logs-e5b5176.md).

[URI Conventions \(OData Version 2.0\)](http://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/uri-conventions)

[SAP SuccessFactors HCM Suite OData API](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/d599f15995d348a1b45ba5603e2aba9b/03e1fc3791684367a6a76a614a2916de.html?version=latest)

[SAP SuccessFactors Workforce SCIM API](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_SUCCESSFACTORS_PLATFORM/534356acc0ab4b0e8977ebfb2eb432f7/895a0d10d4984152b9f6d0cd9f9f850c.html)

[\(Guided Answers\) Multiple Users from SAP SuccessFactors Are Created as One in Identity Authentication](https://ga.support.sap.com/dtp/viewer/#/tree/2065/actions/26547:29111:29114:27412:34942)

