<!-- loiofe6f7f0b39a74c03a807fa923a36f4e0 -->

# Configure Apple as Identity Provider

Users can log on to applications with their Apple ID credentials by linking their accounts in Identity Authentication to their Apple account.



<a name="loiofe6f7f0b39a74c03a807fa923a36f4e0__prereq_t3g_cc5_y4b"/>

## Prerequisites

You have a developer account at Apple.



## Context

> ### Note:  
> The content in this section is not relevant for China \(Shanghai\) region.

Identity Authentication uses the OAuth protocol for social sign-on via Apple as a social identity provider.

Once a user has allowed Identity Authentication to link his or her account with the Apple ID account, the user can log on to applications via the social provider.

To configure sign in with Apple for the tenant, first you have to register an Application ID \(App ID\) and Services ID. For more details, see [Configure Sign in with Apple for the web](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/capabilities/configure-sign-in-with-apple-for-the-web/).

> ### Note:  
> You must type `https://<tenant ID>.accounts.ondemand.com` in the *Domains and Subdomains* box, and `https://<tenant ID>.accounts.ondemand.com/ui/oauth/oauthCallback` in the *Return URLs* box when you enable and configure the *Sign in with Apple* option at the Apple Developer site.

To perform the social identity provider configuration in the administration console for SAP Cloud Identity Services, you have to provide the following data:

**Required Apple Settings**


<table>
<tr>
<th valign="top">

Authentication Attribute

</th>
<th valign="top">

Description

</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

Client ID

</td>
<td valign="top">

The *Services ID* that you registered at Apple site.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

Team ID

</td>
<td valign="top">

A 10-digit key generated by Apple. You can see your Team ID under the membership information at Apple site.

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

Key ID

</td>
<td valign="top">

For the Key ID, ** you must register a key at the apple site.

> ### Remember:  
> You must provide a name for your key and select the *Sign in with Apple* check box. Once you configure your key, it needs to be bound to your primary App ID.



</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

Client Certificate

</td>
<td valign="top">

The private key provided by Apple in a `.p8` file. To use the key for the configuration in the administration console for SAP Cloud Identity Services, copy and paste the text from the `.p8` file.

</td>
</tr>
</table>



## Procedure

1.  Sign in to the administration console for SAP Cloud Identity Services.

2.  Choose the *Social Identity Providers* tile.

    This operation opens a list of social providers.

3.  Choose the *Apple* list item.

4.  Under *Configuration*, choose *Edit*.

5.  Enter the generated authentication attributes from Apple.

    > ### Note:  
    > Check for leading or trailing spaces in the authentication attributes fields, and delete them. Sign-on through the social identity provider will work if there are blank spaces before or after the strings in the fields.

6.  Save your configuration.

    If the operation is successful, you receive the following message: ***Apple authentication configured***. The slider next to the social provider is switched to *ON*.

    > ### Note:  
    > With the slider *ON* the social identity provider is shown as authentication option on the logon screen. If you do not want to show any of the social providers on the logon screen, you can drag the slider next to the social provider to *OFF*. The configuration for this social provider will be preserved, but the social provider will not appear on the logon pages of the applications in the tenant.
    > 
    > To disable the social sign option for a specific social provider, remove the configuration for that provider. See Related Information for more details.




## Next Steps

The above configurations are valid for the whole tenant. They will take effect for a specific application if you enable the *Social Sign-On* option via the administration console. For more information about how to enable social sign-on for a specific application, see [Enable or Disable Social Sign-On for an Application](enable-or-disable-social-sign-on-for-an-application-ff12d3d.md).

**Related Information**  


[Configure Facebook as Identity Provider](configure-facebook-as-identity-provider-cc16b33.md "By configuring Facebook as a social identity provider, users can log on to applications with their social media credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the social media account.")

[Configure Google as Identity Provider](configure-google-as-identity-provider-caf215f.md "By configuring Google as a social identity provider, users can log on to applications with their Google credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the Google account.")

[Configure LinkedIn as Identity Provider](configure-linkedin-as-identity-provider-9077d6c.md "By configuring LinkedIn as social identity provider, users can log on to applications with their LinkedIn credentials by linking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the LinkedIn account.")

[Configure X as Identity Provider](configure-x-as-identity-provider-f5bc52d.md "By configuring X as social provider, users can log on to applications with their X credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the X account.")

[Remove Social Identity Providers Configuration](remove-social-identity-providers-configuration-265e41e.md "You can remove the configurations of the social providers in the administration console for SAP Cloud Identity Services.")

[Enable or Disable Social Sign-On for an Application](enable-or-disable-social-sign-on-for-an-application-ff12d3d.md "Social sign-on allows users to link their Identity Authentication accounts with social network accounts.")

[Remove Social Identity Providers Configuration](remove-social-identity-providers-configuration-265e41e.md "You can remove the configurations of the social providers in the administration console for SAP Cloud Identity Services.")

[Social Authentication](../User-Guide/social-authentication-108607a.md "")

