<!-- loiof5bc52d99708457786779bb5e7dcd787 -->

# Configure Twitter as Identity Provider

By configuring Twitter as social provider, users can log on to applications with their Twitter credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the Twitter account.



## Context

> ### Note:  
> The content in this section is not relevant for China \(Shanghai\) region.

Identity Authentication uses the OAuth protocol for social sign-on via Twitter as a social identity provider.

Once a user has allowed Identity Authentication to link his or her account with the Twitter account, the user can log on to applications via the social provider.

To configure Twitter as social identity provider for the tenant, you have to register new applications on the Twitter site. For more details, see Related Information.

> ### Note:  
> You need to type ***https://<tenant ID\>.accounts.ondemand.com/ui/oauth/oauthCallback*** in the *Callback URLs* field in the Create an application section of Twitter Application Management page. For more information about Twitter Callback URL, see [Callback URL](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/basics/callback_url).

To perform the social identity provider configuration in the administration console for Identity Authentication, you have to provide the following data:

**Required Twitter Settings**


<table>
<tr>
<th valign="top">

Authentication Attribute



</th>
<th valign="top">

Description



</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

Twitter's consumer key



</td>
<td valign="top">

The key generated by Twitter to identify which user application is making the request.



</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td valign="top">

Twitter's consumer secret



</td>
<td valign="top">

The secret generated by Twitter to identify which user application is making the request.



</td>
</tr>
</table>



## Procedure

1.  Access the tenant's administration console for Identity Authentication by using the console's URL.

    > ### Note:  
    > The URL has the following pattern:
    > 
    > `https://<tenant ID>.accounts.ondemand.com/admin`
    > 
    > *Tenant ID* is an automatically generated ID by the system. The first administrator created for the tenant receives an activation e-mail with a URL in it. This URL contains the *tenant ID*. For more information about your tenants, see [Viewing Assigned Tenants and Administrators](../viewing-assigned-tenants-and-administrators-f56e6f2.md).
    > 
    > If you have a configured custom domain, the URL has the following pattern: `<your custom domain>/admin`.

2.  Choose the *Social Identity Providers* tile.

    This operation opens a list of the social providers.

3.  Choose the Twitter list item.

4.  Choose *Twitter Sign-On*.

5.  Enter the generated authentication attributes from the social provider.

    > ### Note:  
    > Check for leading or trailing spaces in the authentication attributes fields, and delete them. Sign-on through the social identity provider will not work if there are blank spaces before or after the strings in the fields.

6.  Save your configuration.

    If the operation is successful, you will receive the following message: ***Google Sign-on updated***. The slider next to the social provider is switched to *ON*.

    > ### Note:  
    > With the slider *ON* the social identity provider is shown as authentication option on the logon screen. If you do not want to show any of the social providers on the logon screen, you can drag the slider next to the social provider to *OFF*. The configuration for this social provider will be preserved, but the social provider will not appear on the logon pages of the applications in the tenant.
    > 
    > To disable the social sign option for a specific social provider, remove the configuration for that provider. See Related Information for more details.




## Next Steps

The above configurations are valid for the whole tenant. They will take effect for a specific application if you enable the *Social Sign-On* option via the administration console. For more information about how to enable social sign on for a specific application, see [Enable or Disable Social Sign-On for an Application](enable-or-disable-social-sign-on-for-an-application-ff12d3d.md).

**Related Information**  


[Configure Apple as Identity Provider](configure-apple-as-identity-provider-fe6f7f0.md "Users can log on to applications with their Apple ID credentials by linking their accounts in Identity Authentication to their Apple account.")

[Configure Facebook as Identity Provider](configure-facebook-as-identity-provider-cc16b33.md "By configuring Facebook as a social identity provider, users can log on to applications with their social media credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the social media account.")

[Configure Google as Identity Provider](configure-google-as-identity-provider-caf215f.md "By configuring Google as a social identity provider, users can log on to applications with their Google credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the Google account.")

[Configure LinkedIn as Identity Provider](configure-linkedin-as-identity-provider-9077d6c.md "By configuring LinkedIn as social identity provider, users can log on to applications with their LinkedIn credentials by liking their accounts in Identity Authentication to the LinkedIn account.")

[Remove Social Identity Providers Configuration](remove-social-identity-providers-configuration-265e41e.md "You can remove the configurations of the social providers in the administration of Identity Authentication.")

[Authorizing a request](https://dev.twitter.com/oauth/overview/authorizing-requests)

[Enable or Disable Social Sign-On for an Application](enable-or-disable-social-sign-on-for-an-application-ff12d3d.md "Social sign-on allows users to link their Identity Authentication accounts with social network accounts.")

[Remove Social Identity Providers Configuration](remove-social-identity-providers-configuration-265e41e.md "You can remove the configurations of the social providers in the administration of Identity Authentication.")

[Social Authentication](../User-Guide/social-authentication-108607a.md "")

