<!-- loioa40a3f306a374b3d8b58087847a5dbe2 -->

# Configure OAuth Certificate Authentication

You can use outbound certificates generated by Identity Provisioning for OAuth authentication with provisioning systems.

In OAuth certificate authentication, Identity Provisioning acts as a client application that sends requests to the URL of the access token provider service \(the authorization server\). The server issues access tokens following a successful authentication with certificate \(instead of using client ID and client secret\).

> ### Note:  
> Currently, OAuth certificate authentication is supported for SAP Business Network and Procurement data warehouse.

To configure OAuth certificate authentication for communication between Identity Provisioning and a given provisioning system, proceed as follows:

1.  Select the *Properties* tab of the provisioning system and make sure the *Authentication* property is set to `ClientCertificateAuthentication`.

    > ### Note:  
    > This authentication method can only be configured using properties. It doesn't work with destinations.

2.  Add the *OAuth2TokenServiceURL* property and provide the URL of the access token provider service for your provisioning system.

3.  Add the *client\_id* property and provide the OAuth Client id used for access token retrieval.

4.  Select the *Certificates* tab and generate the certificate for outbound connection, as described in [Generate and Manage Certificates for Outbound Connection](generate-and-manage-certificates-for-outbound-connection-76867db.md).

5.  Run a provisioning job.




<a name="loioa40a3f306a374b3d8b58087847a5dbe2__section_uzd_pgb_gyb"/>

## Results

During the job execution, Identity Provisioning authenticates to the authorization server using the client certificate and gets the access token issued by the server.

